 Faith Badmus       (431) 458-4377  badmusfaithkofo@gmail.com  Education  University of Winnipeg - B.A Honours in Philosophy and Economics (2023 - 2027) (GPA:4.2/4.5)  Queen’s College Lagos- Secondary School Certificate (2015-2021)  Publications  Walby, K., & Badmus, F. (2026). Public police as a greedy institution: cops, control, and economic capital.  Contemporary Justice Review ,  29(2) 	, 257–277.  Experience  Senior Research Assistant  Faculty of Business and Economics, University of Winnipeg  Research Topic: Chinese Immigrant Heights and Living Standards,( 1880-1929)  (May 2026- Present) ? Conduct research examining the heights of Chinese immigrants to Canada during the periods before,  during, and after the implementation of the Chinese Head Tax, using height as a historical indicator of  living standards and economic conditions. ? Collect, clean, organize, and analyze historical quantitative data on Chinese immigrants, including  height, age, sex, and birth-year information. ? Group and compare height data across birth cohorts and age groups to identify changes in physical stature and potential patterns in living standards over time. 	 ? Use Excel and other data-management tools to organize large historical datasets and prepare data for  statistical analysis and visualization.  Research Assistant  Technology and Policing in Society, Criminal Justice department,, University of Winnipeg  (April 2025- Present) ? Conduct academic research under the supervision of a professor, contributing to the development and  execution of research projects. ? Perform qualitative and quantitative data analysis. ? Draft, edit, and format reports, presentations, and scholarly articles for publication ? Support the research team with administrative tasks including data entry, word processing, and  maintaining records.  Student Ambassador  The University of Winnipeg ( August 2024- Present) ? Represent the university at events and initiatives, engaging prospective students and community  members. ? Provide campus tours and deliver presentations, showcasing academic programs and facilities. ? Perform data entry tasks to support recruitment and administrative activities. ? Collaborate with the recruitment team to support outreach activities.  Research Assistant (work-study position)  Centre for Access to Information and Justice CAIJ Assistant Justice, University of Winnipeg  (December 2025- April 2026) ? Conducted legal and policy research on access to information, transparency, and justice-related issues. ? Supported the preparation of research briefs, reports, and background papers for academic audiences. ? Compiled and organised qualitative and quantitative data related to governance and accountability. ? Contributed to literature reviews and synthesized complex academic materials into accessible  summaries.  Research Assistant (work-study position)  Journal of Prisoners on Prisons (JPP), Criminal Justice Department,, University of Winnipeg (  December 2024- June 2025) ? Assisted in journal production and the peer-review process. ? Managed book reviews and editorial tasks. 	 ? Supported administrative and research-related tasks for the publication. ? Contributed to the co-authorship of research outputs and identified opportunities for publication.  Student Mentor  International student services, The University of  Winnipeg ( August 2024- April 2026) ? Shared resources and strategies to help students navigate university life. ? Assisted in organizing and working at events hosted by International Student Services. ? Fostered a welcoming and inclusive environment for peer connections.  Tutor  International Student Services, The University of Winnipeg  (August 2024- April 2025) ? Assisted students in academic subjects, providing tailored tutoring sessions. ? Developed personalized learning plans to address students' unique educational needs. ? Encouraged academic growth through empathetic and culturally sensitive mentoring.  Extracurriculars  Co-President  Finance and Economics Students' Association (FESA), University of Winnipeg  (April 2026- May 2027) ? Co-lead the Finance and Economics Students' Association and contribute to the planning and  coordination of activities serving students studying finance and economics. ? Communicate with the Faculty of Business and Economics and the Department of Economics  regarding student activities, events, and association initiatives. ? Organize academic, social, and networking events designed to connect students and strengthen  engagement within the finance and economics student community. ? Create promotional materials, including event posters and social media content, to increase awareness  and participation in FESA’s activities.  Black Students’ Commissioner  Canadian Federation of Students-Manitoba  (October 2025- April 2026) ? Advocated for the interests and concerns of Black students at the provincial level. ? Collaborated with student unions, and campus organizations, to advance inclusive policies. ? Participated in executive meetings and contributed to policy discussions and strategic planning. ? Organized and supported campaigns, and advocacy events.  AWARDS  October 2024  Dean's Honour List-Student of Highest Distinction  October 2024  Sydney Gallis Memorial Scholarship in Philosophy  October 2025  Peter Miller Environmental Ethics Prize  October 2025  Sydney Gallis Memorial Scholarship in Philosophy  October 2025  Dean's Honour List-Student of Highest Distinction  October 2025  Academic Proficiency Scholarship (Robert Bruce Fund)  November 2025  Professor Gordon G. Blake Memorial Scholarship in Economics 